listen so I show up to the screening of
this movie and I kid you not
some kid stares straight at the poster
and goes 11 but but I haven't seen the
other 10 let me explain now I believe it
was confirmed by the Library of Congress
and there will probably be a criterion
on it declaring that rocky 2 is the best
of the franchise that's just something
that signed sealed and delivered because
when you consider that every Rocky
sequel does that thing where it begins
by showing you the entirety of the final
fight from the previous Rocky movie it
just shows you that rocky 2 already has
the best part of Rocky 1 on top of that
my dude races a train he max out Apollo
in the rematch by knocking himself out -
and then ends it with the best line
since loop met his daddy that said all
of them are up on Google for free which
i think is pretty cool so definitely go
binge them all but the main one I want
to cover is 4 since that's what Creed 2
is following up and it's the one that
has Apollo Creed's death
you see Rocky Balboa and Apollo Creed
after being rivals started to sweat
together in shorty shorts and then they
got completely drenched when this
Russian came to town see a lot of people
make fun of rocky 4 because it randomly
has robots and Drago himself is
practically a white Bay non-jews but
when you really dissect it Rocky 4 is
the ex machina of the 70s for warning us
about AI and while some call it
propaganda it was in fact rocky 4 that
rescued us and fixed our foreign
relations and who could have predicted
that this relatively inarticulate
rambling at the end of a boxing match
would go down as one of the most
important speeches of the 20th century I
think it always bothered rocky that he
never received much credit for his role
in ending the Cold War Reagan never once
thanked him and I think that's part of
the reason that he faded from the
spotlight but then rocky fight came out
and that was just trash
Oh in Rocky Balboa he reconnects with
the Sun which is interesting when you
consider that saloons real son starred
in the earlier movies as a kid and then
in real life he died in a car crash
so for Rocky Balboa to be about
reconnecting with his son he's really
touching but it ain't about how hard you
hit it's about how hard you can get hit
and keep moving forward how much you can
take and keep moving forward
years later Creed was announced which
would obviously be telling the story of
Apollo Creed's son and while a lot of
people argue that a bunch of boxing
movies just do the same thing over and
over again I was excited for this one
because Ryan Coogler was directing it it
was starring that kid from The Wire and
I don't know if it was because all of
you were stuffing yourself with Turkey
recently and y'all haven't seen the
first one in a while but for anyone who
said the sequel was superior nah I'm not
even going to start with the movie but
the soundtrack instead because I don't
know if you guys have ever followed
Kugler in the way that he does his OS
T's but he pretty much finds artists
from that place and lets them take over
the sound so you have the roots who are
from Philly Meek Mill who's from Philly
and if you haven't heard the song
waiting for my moment from the first
movie and just go back and listen to
your la-la-land soundtrack you don't
have Rocky's story you know at this
point in time has all his friends dying
around him time view takes everybody
else undefeated I like we all know that
Stallone looks better than some 20 year
olds out there right so for them to put
so much makeup on this dude and yet have
the spy who didn't say anything for half
of his movie robbed our boy sly is
inconceivable you then have the shots
that were super cinematic like this one
and another one where the fight takes
place completely in one shot and then
the final fight that just drenched you
with his walk-up music it used the
original score better than most of the
original Rocky movies and as a story
about a lost son who overcomes his
father's shadow as the once legend
becomes a coach and it's the perfect
addition to this franchise and creed 11
just says not to all of that now look
I'll hate the sequel I think it's a lot
of fun but you know in 2018 you got film
Twitter who's so crazy that if you were
to even call out one little thing that's
actually wrong in a movie people just
think you're a hater
you can go bro there's a camera in that
shot and people just go can you just
like like something for once so while I
don't think Rita Levin is a dud I just
think it the tracks a lot from the first
one
if he had already overcome his dead
shadow right if that was what the first
one was all about I don't really know
what he's doing in this movie they
literally turned Adonis into Anakin
Skywalker with the amount of times he
was just randomly complaining in this
one I'm not saying you shouldn't be mad
about the dude who killed your dad but
like those dudes were already living in
a Tundra so you already won have you not
seen the 34:30
rocky already avenged you have not
looked at your waistt you're already the
world champ
then this man has the audacity to look
at this mountain of a human being and
think he has a shot i legit thought he
was going to die in the first round just
looking at how big one was from the
other like in the press conference all
this other dude did was extend his arm
and he Kamehameha decreed across the
stage
Victor's reach was so long that I wasn't
even worried about him hitting Creed I
was worried about him punching the first
row man was cracking his neck in this
movie more than he was saying words like
the only way he was communicating was to
do more snack and when you consider that
Victor was truly living in poverty you
know not just because it's that loss and
didn't have a job it wasn't because they
literally had no money it was because
the entirety of Russia had disbanded
them Russia the piece of land that takes
over a quarter of your globe and not
only that but when you look at the fact
that his mom even last time she straight
up switched sides just because she
considered him to be losers this man had
more to prove than anyone else this
movie should've been called Drago's
revenge because he was the most
interesting part of the movie now yeah
Cree does propose in this movie and we
never have a wedding because I think
they're saving that for a sequel and
there's even that bit with their kid who
shares the same hearing condition as
Bianca which I guess they're also saving
for a sequel and they continue forcing
Bianca's music which I guess they're
also saving for a sequel but it's the
rocky bit that I feels the parts getting
stretched out because there's just
beautiful shot at the end of Creed to
where Creed wins which was impossible
and rocky decides to set on the outside
of the ring as he looks in on them
celebrating from the sidelines and it's
this beautiful shot that shows you that
rocky for the first time ever is
stepping back so he's not in the
limelight but I thought that was what
the first Creed was about again I'm just
saying that the first one was better in
my opinion but if what you're cementing
with this one and according to Stallone
he says so too on social media is that
Creed is now going to
the entire spotlight and this is the
last time we're ever gonna see rocky
then y'all better be serious about it
and make sure that he's over with his
grandson saying this is us because if
we're gonna move on then we have to move
on but Who am I kidding
if mr. T's son comes out of nowhere for
the third one I'm buying tickets day one
thank you guys for watching this video
and shout out to Ellie Rainey for
listening to all of the LME
recommendations and for everyone else is
always watching you know I know a lot of
people were hype for Crete too as much
as I was and again I think it was good I
know some of y'all gonna be like why are
you hating I liked it I just loved Creed
one but y'all crazy if you think that
this isn't better than the first I just
I don't see it I really don't in the
fighting and the directing and the
cinematography in the soundtrack they
kind of switched it to kind of have that
LA feel to it which which they were only
in LA for like 30 minutes and then go to
Russia but I'm curious to know your
thoughts I did just pass in Philly and I
know that a lot of people have given
recommendations you know I've tried
Geno's Pat's Tony looks Woodrow's and
honesty you know leave it to Creed maxis
is the best one I've tried so far so if
there's one that I'm missing that you
think is better
maybe I'm ordering it wrong maybe I
should order it with wit taste or
something some of these other places
just they were just trash I just had to
say like that
there was another spot though in Philly
that I thought was really good Philly's
got this place called the Reading
Terminal and there's this place called
the Dutch eatery first of all that
entire place is food heaven but that
Amish breakfast was freakin insane
I literally bought luzie tickets that
I'm gonna be going to a concert just so
I have an excuse to drive back to Philly
from New York so I can eat something
from there but look you know your
thoughts about this what's the best
Philly cheesesteak
why did Creed beat someone who was five
times the size and is everyone excited
for a third creed film who should he be
fighting what should the story be don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
until next time I'll send you a Philly
cheesesteak from Max's